
https://github.com/alexlarsson/gthree/blob/master/examples/interactive.c

file:///home/robert/Downloads/Gtk4-tutorial/docs/sec12.html

https://docs.gtk.org/gtk4/class.EventControllerMotion.html



DONE:

  Read in WAD
  Implement zoom
  Draw level
  Color linedefs
  Draw vertexes
  Draw things
  Implement scroll/pan with mouse drag
  Hit detection for things
  Hit detection for vertexes
  Hit detection for lines
  Time the draw loop
  Clip drawing to viewport
  Make zoom controllble (keys? scroll wheel?)
  Keys switch edit mode (T, V, L)

TODO:

  Draw grid

  Allow moving vertexes
  Allow moving things
  Allow moving linedefs

  Add side panels for details
  Show sprites for things
  Show textures in panel


Edit Modes:

  pan - what if nothing is selected and you drag the mouse...the viewport moves?
  Also, WASD to move viewport?
  things
  verts
  lines
  sectors



# Small Window redraw
redraw time = 2636573 nanoseconds
redraw time = 2995529 nanoseconds
redraw time = 2655699 nanoseconds
redraw time = 3667147 nanoseconds
redraw time = 3287378 nanoseconds
redraw time = 2389951 nanoseconds
redraw time = 3530985 nanoseconds

1 millions

# After clipping code

redraw time = 1408392 nanoseconds
redraw time = 1822792 nanoseconds
redraw time = 1165923 nanoseconds
redraw time = 1339066 nanoseconds
redraw time = 1538915 nanoseconds
redraw time = 1424030 nanoseconds
redraw time = 1522777 nanoseconds
redraw time = 1411021 nanoseconds
redraw time = 3836742 nanoseconds
redraw time = 4236251 nanoseconds
redraw time = 4040114 nanoseconds
drag_end: 179.976562, -112.878906
Viewport is at -1549, -674


# Large Window redraw
redraw time = 8898218 nanoseconds
redraw time = 32884116 nanoseconds
redraw time = 30433847 nanoseconds
redraw time = 34427438 nanoseconds
redraw time = 32205375 nanoseconds
redraw time = 28989841 nanoseconds
redraw time = 31378336 nanoseconds
redraw time = 30003434 nanoseconds
redraw time = 8446618 nanoseconds

10 million

# After clipping lines:

redraw time = 13005065 nanoseconds
redraw time = 13022045 nanoseconds
redraw time = 13317310 nanoseconds
redraw time = 12580614 nanoseconds
redraw time = 12639715 nanoseconds
redraw time = 12941609 nanoseconds
redraw time = 13010572 nanoseconds
redraw time = 13074776 nanoseconds
redraw time = 12990809 nanoseconds
redraw time = 12741686 nanoseconds
